How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced? It helps you know the difference right away without having to look over the while file. It's like finding a needle from the hay stack. This isolated the bug or the needle from the hay stack. 
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term? It will show you the changes that you have made whether intentional or not. It can give you more flexiblity and security and not worrying about whether a file is deleted or not. 
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does? Pros - Flexibility on when you want to commit. You commit after a logical change and once you complete a logical change. With automically saving systems will save you work possibly half way through your fix, so it might not be a good point to save. 
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately? I think version control systems treats every commit as a snap shot of the current state of the repository. It allows to have multiple copies of all files. 
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files? I can use the git log to keep track of all the commits and use git diff to see the difference between previous and later commits to compare the insertions and deletions. This gives you a better way to find issues. 
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something? Version control can make me more confident to make changes that could break something because I know I can always go to a previous commit. 
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for? I want to use git to have all my projects be in git version control system so that I can modify and save my work. It will make it easy for me to modify code and go back to a previous version without an issue. 
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it? When I initialized the repository, the prompt said that the git repository is initialized. I need to do it to create a .git repository. 